
Artist: T.I. f/ Jeezy, Lil Wayne, Young Thug
Album:  About the Money (Remix) {S}
Song:   About the Money (Remix)
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Jeezy]
I step up in this bitch like Moses
Damn right, motherfucker, Red Sea got departed (woo!)
This is that "All About The Money" remix?
Well, I'ma kill a mu'fucka before it even get started (yeeeah)
The chrome to the bricks, nigga rag to the riches
Damn right, nigga did it with his soul
Nigga still livin' like a G, keep some niggas 'round me
that'll kill yo ass like some Ebola (let's go~!)
Serve 'em out the Range Rover (Range Rover)
I swear my Rollie stay shinin' like a rainbow
I took that money machine, filled it with hella green (green)
You be shinin' like I sprayed you with some oil sheen
DC, Young Fly, now what the fuck you mean? (Fuck you mean?)
Young said he +Seen It All+ now what the fuck y'all seen? (Ay!)
Left the club in a Wraith, came in a helicopter
David Beckham, way I kick it like I'm playin' hella soccer
I turn the valet to a helipad (helipad)
Nigga straight walk up in the bitch like I'm Nino
From the coat on my back to the shoes on my feet (what what)
Everything on me Valentino (WOO~!)
I'm talkin' Boyz In Tha Hood with the solo, nigga
Testarossa back then, ex-polo nigga
Niggas still on my dick, what you a homo, nigga?
When you sayin' my name it's free promo, nigga

[Chorus: T.I.]
If it ain't about the money!
Don't be blowin' me up, nigga I ain't gettin' up (blrrrrrt~!)
If it ain't about the money!
Ain't no use in you ringin' my line, stop wastin' my time
If it ain't about the money!
Nah I can't even hear what you say, I ain't finna do shit
If it ain't about the money! (I ain't finna do shit, my nigga!)
Bitch, you can miss me with it, bitch nigga miss me with it - turn it!

[T.I.]
Hustle Gang nigga...
What you think I'm standin' in the trap for (what?)
with the fully automatic at the back door?
Cause when it's on, know it's on, call me King Corleone
I'ma keep it 1000 like a crack ounce
Give a damn if you flat broke
I'm filthy rich, I'm still the same, that's a fact though
Oh yeah, we all about the money, nigga
All you got is money when my name hold weight like a fat hoe (woo~!)

[Young Thug]
I can never join in the game unless I'm capo
Milkin' these niggas even though I'm fuckin' lactose
Take off on the cops, mama said don't look back bro
I'm in New York and I'm ballin' just like a +Net+ though
I'm drinkin' bubblegum pink like Pepto, Bizmo
Bet she wanna come through, and get low
I'ma be with Haitians, all my Zoe's
Tip tell these niggas, bro

[T.I.]
Bankroll mafia, yeah, we all the way retarded
I'ma give you 15 from the carbine (turn it!)
Hit you in the leg, in your head, then your face
When you dead bet ya I'ma take yo place on the Forbes list
So better remember with the bullshit, partna
I'll be hoppin' out yo bushes with a full clip, got 'em
I'll take a big stick to a fuck nigga neck (nigga neck!)
Swingin' at him kind of like a pinata

[Lil Wayne]
I'ma beast with the choppa, I'm the same without it
Graduated from the lean, that's my alma mater

I'ma, shoot him in his head, he said "Look at my roof"
No sticks, no seeds, only kush in my kush
Make a nigga commit suicide and call it a selfie
I get Ms like mm-mmm-mm
I'm an asshole, I'm full of myself, you get an asshole full of my foot
They find yo ass in the woods when they look
And these hoes ain't as good as they look
I need to take my own advice though, cause if the pussy good then I'm good
Where yo ghetto pass nigga? I been big since a little ass nigga
You little ass nigga, you don't get a pass nigga
Started as a middle class nigga
When I blew up, I ain't even hear the blast nigga (woo~!)
I was chillin', smokin' on the loud
Focused on the future, but I need my money now
Don't give me the runaround, upstairs in my mansion
Knock knock, who's there? I ain't even comin' down
If it ain't about the money...

[Chorus]

[Young Thug]
I get money on a very rainy day
And, I would love to spray your face with Olay, aye
No computer cause you never want a space head
I swallow mama and some Wheaties in her place, ayy
I'ma, big G, dinosaur B
You know, YSL takin' over streets
I'm-a, K-Ci where is Jodeci?
I'ma, treat a man like he supposed to be
I'ma blood nigga, don't try to approach me
Girl let's hit like Kobe and Ginobili
If you not Gucci emoji can't ignore me
Her booty pop just like a circus baby show me
I might just take off on that broad cause she don't know me
Dej Loaf, turn that bitch to macaroni
No scale but my bitches say I'm boney
Lil mama still blushin' at the old me (woo~!)

[T.I.]
Nigga thuggin' in the Impala, whole Hustle Gang follow
Comin' from a hundred thousand to another million dollars
You finna fuck around and get yo ass whooped dawg (BOW!)
We send ya bullets bout the size of a football
I got a youngin' with a shottie, charge a hundred for a body
I'll pay that to watch a monkey fuck a football, ayo
Units of the yayo, since I was a day old
Uncle taught me said hasta luego - if it ain't about the money!