
Artist: (Lil Wayne & DJ Drama f/) Lil Chuckee
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   Before Tune Gets Back
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: Lil Chuckee]
Man, Mike, cut somethin' on
Man, they don't never let me get on nothin', dawg
Man cut, man cut, man cut something on, man!
Man, hurry up though before Tune get back, come on!
Yeah, D5 mu'fucker
Hm, it's Tunechi Jr. bitch!
Pops, lemme go ahead and get 'em one time, ya heard me?
Hol' up!

[Lil Chuckee]
Turn my motherfuckin' mic on and I ain't leavin' 'til the motherfuckin' lights on
This ain't a dick, this a motherfuckin' python, and if it's war call me, fuck Tyrone
You know what? It's time for y'all niggas to sit, big ass house, no room for bullshit
Such and such told me "Chuck, you ain't rich!", well tell such and such they can suck my dick
Cause I got a lot of sperm if you need it, sperm if you need it, I made you go crazy for no fuckin' reason
I beat you pussy niggas up 'til you start bleedin', menstrual cycle, fuck it, go ahead, bleach 'em
Diarrhea, I'm runnin' this shit, I'm just gettin' my laps on
All my niggas strapped up and y'all pussy niggas got strap-ons
Bitch we breed this five stars, bitch we bleed these five stars
YMCMB, you can come get fucked by five stars!
She ain't got too comfortable, I done made her stupid ass walk home
I kill the beat the barrel on the yopper round as a motherfuckin' Super Dome
You know I'm a fuckin' beast, yeah I'm a fuckin' creep, you could get these thirty clips if you wanna make a scene
Tune let me off the leash now I run the fuckin' streets, two fingers in her pussy then I tell her pussy "Peace"
Uhh! It's Chuckee, she said "Yo' name Chuckee?", I said "No, my name's Suck Me"
Introduce you to T if your stupid ass lucky, Fuke roll 'em fat, kinda got my nose stuffy
All my niggas on gas, QuikTrip and all my niggas gon' blast this shit
See, all y'all niggas doin' bad and shit so really I'm a act a fuckin' ass this year
Trukfit on my neck, that Truk mean I'll truck your ass
She got junk up in her trunk, I guess it's time to take out the trash
Hah, and you thought this shit was over
Got paper like a fuckin' school folder, if her grass ain't cut, get the lawnmower
Tony, tell them bitches it's Libra Gang, vocal lessons, let the nina sing
Before I leave up out this bitch, they gon' know my fuckin' name
Birdman Jr. Junior, fuck a dog, bitch I got a puma
Man these niggas' pussies stink, no wonder why I was smellin' tuna
Lame ass boys don't want no trouble, pussy niggas just a bunch of suckers
Smashin' all they moms, you could call me a motherfucker
Man I'm about to act an ass and this shit here just a little tease
Pull Big Willie out my pants and all them girls say "Hercules!"
Bitch I'm livin' B.I.G., my gun is Lil Cease
If that girl don't pop it off, I'll just skeet right on her weave
Okay that gold pack in my pocket, I'm like a rag up in a socket?
And when I cock that nina nine, you better not cock-block me
Uhh, YM be the shit, I say "Damn everybody else"
I be kickin' girls out the condo, I got a black belt
Huh, big bro said "It's your time nigga", you heard what the fuck the man said
Boy I body these verses, that's why they cost a arm and a leg
Left that coochie smokin', she gon' fail her drug test
My chain on freeze, call my shit under arrest
I'm gone! Hahahah

Mike, turn the mic off dawg!
Fuck, I'm just playin' around dawg
Man cut the beat off before Tune gets back!