
Artist: Lil Wayne
Album:  Sorry 4 the Wait 2
Song:   CoCo
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Look what you made me do! Me, that's who!

[Lil Wayne]
I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait (tell 'em)
"Tha Carter" gon' be late so I cooked up a tape (tell 'em)
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil homie gon' be straaaight~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
Yeah, and I'm sorry for the wait too
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Fuck it! This that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
I ain't trippin', I got Barbie, I got Drake too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table

[Lil Wayne]
Who kept this shit together, nigga? Me, that's who
Who was there when niggas left us, nigga? Me, that's who
Cash Money is an army, I'm a one-man army (yeah)
And if them niggas comin' for me, I'm goin' out like Tony (bow bow bow!)
Now I don't want no problems, I just want my money
Ain't gotta hold no conversation or my luggage
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Woo! Birdman Jr., more like Ugly Duckling, mm
Takin' over, now I'm takin' over, yeah
Think it over? Bitch I'm thinkin' forward
I'm sippin', lean, out a, glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money, no more Cash nigga - ayyyy~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
No more "Am I my brother's keeper?" Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin', I just chipped my tooth
Tell them niggas no love lost cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
I found the needle in the haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up but I just bled through

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's compensation over conversation
Lord I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces
Lord, this game is a vampire
Blood you gotta protect your neck, it'll suck you dry like raisins, Lord
But fuck that nigga, gun drawn out, fuck that, nigga, I'ma ball out
The day you met me is the day Hell froze, on the day I left is when it thawed out
I'm still in the buildin', I just had to knock a couple walls down, had to kick y'all out
Life is a movie but sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin' and walk out
Takin' over, Lord I'm takin' over
Dropped the "Sorry 4 The Wait" until the wait is over
Mm, sippin', lean, out a, flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuck and thrash, nigga - ayyyy~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi, niggas don't appreciate you
You've been down since day one, it meant nothin' on day two
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow and to say too
But I graduated from that bullshit now I hate school

[Lil Wayne]
And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over
The old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda