
Artist: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama f/ 2 Chainz, Pharrell, T.I.
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   Feds Watching
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: Pharrell] + (2 Chainz)
Oh oh oh-oh; tomorrow, tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow (yeah)
Tomorrow, tomorrow (because right now)
Tomorrow, tomorrow (because right now - yeah)
Tomorrow, tomorrow (ain't no such thing as tomorrow)
Tomorrow, tomorrow (uh, the way we livin' today)
Tomorrow, tomorrow (because right now)
Dohh, dohh, dohh, dohh, dohh, dohh (2 Chainz!)

[DJ Drama - over Intro]
And like that.. WE GONE~!
Keep watchin'! Tunechi, holla at me!

[2 Chainz]
Dreads hang on designer everything
Mr. Comme des Garçons, Mr. Alexander Wang
Mr. Chain, pinky ring, flow insane, hoe insane
Man these shoes I got on, these the hardest I done seen
It look clean when you pour it, I remix it, make it dirty
If she got good head and text me, I text back and tell her "Hurry" (true)
This that category five when I walk up in the strip club
Throw it high, make you and George Washington head butt
OG's never fed us, now young niggas fed up
Ballin' so hard (hard) I deserve a and one (okay)
Bakin' soda marketin', I'm gettin' it, ain't I? Obviously
You a bitch, you a hoe, that's just my philosophy (yeah!)
And I'm known to kick it like the captain of a soccer team
Billie Jean, red leather, same color, Red Lobster
And she brainwash ya, head doctor (uhh)
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin'

[Chorus: 2 Chainz + Pharrell]
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (yeah)
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (yeah!)
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (tell 'em)
Drop top, head boppin'
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (yeah!)
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (true)
I'ma be fresh as hell if the feds watchin' (yeah)
Drop top, head boppin'

[Lil Wayne]
Bullet ain't got no name, her pussy ain't got no smell
Got this bitch on lock, these niggas ain't got no bail
These snitches ain't got no pride, these hoes ain't got no manners
These tricks ain't got no magic, ain't that a bitch?
But me, I make shit taste like sugar cane
'Bout to go to bed with what's her name?
Yeah, pussy never felt so good
And you know we don't smoke that bullshit, give that shit back to that bull
Uhh, I'm so sick of ballin', I'm so sick of ballin'
Ride me like a horse, bitches call me Charlie
Swear to God, I never met a nigga with enough money
I'm ridin' around in that new thing with no roof like a hush puppy
Shh, I look down at the stars
I could pull a few strings, make it sound like guitars
Told that bitch she my boo, now a round of applause
Shit, I'ma be dressed to kill now the dead watchin'
Tunechi, young Mula, fishman

[Chorus]

[T.I.]
Aight man, America's most - turn it!

I Strivers Row my Denim, bankrolls all in 'em
I'm maximum, you minimal, make dough, you better get you some
Them corners, we be bentin' 'em, better ask 'bout us, we been a fool
Shot of weed with the one with the pounds of the weed and the quarter ki's in middle school
Beepers, sneakers, tennis shoes, that’s all we was hustlin' for
When I pull this strap, you don't do what I say, nigga that's what I would bust it for
I don’t take no shit, ain't nothin' bruh, what's all the discussion for?
I'm the motherfuckin' king and I'm doin' my thing, ain't my fault you can't fuck with us
You know a counterfeit case made years in prison, got back out, got back to gettin' busy
Keep playin' round with it, on the real you can get it, let a goon get a quarter mil', that'll kill it
Couple racks on that Versace suit just in case they watchin' fool
Sophisticated, my surveillance pics just like a photoshoot
Givenchy, Balenciaga, YSL and Prada
Tom Ford, LonBon, you name it, I got it (yeah)
So I be fresh as fuck, goin' hard when the feds watchin' (how is that?)
Literally cause I'm menagin' when the feds watchin' - ha!

[Chorus]