
Artist: Sean Garrett f/ Lil Wayne
Album:  Turbo 919
Song:   Girlfriend Ringtone
Typed by: AZ Lyrics

[Intro]
(Yo, this right there for all my girlfriends... mine too)

Tell me what is it that I gotta do baby for you to be my
Girlfriend
And girl I know you tired of being that chick on the side
You wanna be the only girlfriend
You wanna be the one to say, ohhh ohhh
The only one they bring it home too
So go on and tell me what is it you gonna do about me
Cause I can promise you I know what I'm a do about you

(Do it)

[Chant]
You want a hot one to buy for ya ringtone, this'll be for
My girlfriends
Fellas, she want something hot for her ringtone, get this
For ya girlfriends..
And yo for those that be treating they girl wrong, I might
Make her my girlfriend
If you don't pay attention to what she say about yo
You better pay attention to what she saying bout me

[Verse 1]
It's 98 degrees blazing hot, I'm at the summertime spot
And y'all ain't gonna believe these girls, (walking round
In them...)
Bathing tops with them bottoms that the g's like to come
To the dirty south for..
But there's one in particular dame, I remember, form the
Bank she work in the drive through... (she's saying)
Boy I bet you don't even remember me, I'm thinking
Who in the hell could forget about you

... she said she came here with her girlfriends
And I'm looking at her thinking for so long I wanted to get at you..
But I know you with your girlfriends..
Ya, we can talk but not really in the way that I know I need to
Girl I done heard you been through some things (some things)
No explainin I already know, I wanna start by makin it clear
That ain't got a thing to do with us..

[Chorus]
Tell me what it is that I gotta do baby for you to be my
Girlfriend
And girl I know you tired of being that chick on the side
You wanna be the only girlfriend
You wanna be the only to say, ohhh ohhh
The only one they bring it home too
So go on and tell me what it is you gonna do about me
Cause I can promise you I know what I'm a do about you

[Chorus]

[Rap: Lil Wayne]
I ain't made love in a long time
Am I makin' out tonight
Shawty if you got the answer, now put your hande up
Keep playin' girl, I'm a make you put you man up
Pull up in a phantom, inside sicker than cancer
She hopped from her seat, that's a private dancer
I said ""boom boom""
Slow down baby!
Easy baby!
It's weezy baby!
I need her lady like eva maybe
But if you get desperate, I'm a leave you baby
I wouldn't lie to you
If you did, I'd tell you
I study when you pace
Cause I ain't trynna fail you
I'm just trynna feel you
Girl lemme tell you
I can have you hoopin' and hollerin' like mehalyu
I'm a keep you sittin' up, breath em remove your belt yeah
Or better yet just tear ya up, I tell ya

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
This'll be for girls from the a, to the girls form new orleans
To girls who ain't never felt love
This'll be the name in the song that I had to put on, just
To say I appreciate y'all
You know them girls out west, I can't forget, you know I
Love new york, I can't forget
And this'll be for every single girl in every single town, I
Didn't mention y'all but I ain't forget, (you gotta know if
You my) girlfriend... (best believe)
Cause I'm the type of nigga you can come home and talk yo
(I'm just saying if my) girlfriend
Girl was you, you would never have to deal with what
You dealing with now..

Girl I'm a give it to you straight with no chase (no chase)
From the moment that I first saw you, I had to let you
Know they way, that your boy was feeling about you..

[Chorus]

[Outro]
This'll be for girls from the a, to the girls form new orleans
To girls who ain't never felt love
This'll be the name in the song that I had to put on, just
To say I appreciate y'all
You know them girls out west, I can't forget, you know I
Love new york, I can't forget
And this'll be for every single girl in every single town, I
Didn't mention y'all but I ain't forget, (you gotta know if
You my) girlfriend