
Artist: Lil Wayne
Album:  Sorry 4 the Wait 2
Song:   HollyWeezy
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Too Hollygrove to go Hollywood... uhh

[Lil Wayne]
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Find out where your parents stay, tell my goons to go straight to your momma room
What's in your pockets? What's in your pocketbook? We think the Bible's a comic book
Bitch this Hollygrove, too far from Hollywood, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
I got cocaine that's so good, need a name, call it milk because milk does a body good
I got this heat on my waist so somebody better monitor the thermometer
I just eat pussy and pussy ass niggas all day and I ain't even kinda full
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Woo! I went from Bourbon to Beverly Hills
Show me your tits, I'll show you my weapon and grill and Heaven is real
I get an actress into my bedroom, she lay down and say "let's make a film"
I be like "action", I hold her hair down by her neck, this how breathtakin' feel
Family first, you get your family killed, that's if you squeal
Pop-pop-pop close range, hold that gun like the photographer hold the camera still
Bad bitch ridin' my dick, she swerve cause another bitch grabbin' the wheel
I ask 'em to chill, they both look at me, say "Shut up", I say "My lips are sealed"
Ooh~! I come from Hollygrove, I done went Hollywood
I was a match made in Heaven when Hell was a pile of wood
I run through hell with gasoline drawers on, stop, tell the Devil that God is good
Entrepreneur in a Bentley drop top Azure, vagina connoisseur out the hood
I come from Hollygrove, everyday Halloween, we shoot your block up and just say we shot a scene
This is a robbery, I let the chopper squeeze, turn you to cottage cheese
Been on my beast since I was wearin' wallabees; where paparazzi? I need my privacy
Fuck yo photography, I react violently, make sure your camera get my good side of me
Lord! I come from Hollygrove, Hollywood should make a movie 'bout Hollygrove
Woo! Whoever play me should get a Oscar and a Golden Globe
This ain't no movie, this is real shit, I don't need a script cause I know my role
My Hollywood bitch just overdosed, all she could snort, more coke than Pinocchio
I come from the streets but got superstar written all over my face
... That's why these hoes in my face
I come from Hollygrove, I moved to Hollywood just to Californicate
Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap, I ain't finna shoot and tell them don't check the gate
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Fall asleep to the gunshots, wake up and smell the embalmin' fluid
I come from Hollygrove, my bitch from Hollywood, when I fuck her, she say "Hallelujah~!"
... Hollygrove too far from Hollywood
... Ohh, but I done went Hollywood
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood, hollygrove ain't far from H-Town
We used to drive back and forth with the work prayin' "Lord, please don’t let this car break down"

Hahahah... H-Town
Lord, I done went from Hollygrove to H-Town
Hollygrove to Houston, got a bad 5th Ward bitch that be boostin'
Sometimes she doze off, that's the lean, I excuse it, she said "If it ain't chopped and screwed, it ain't music"
She say "I never take her out", we went to eat at Houston's, sometimes I doze off, that’s the lean, I'm just snoozin'
I still got Actavis, nigga that's exclusive, kill you for a pint, that’s a PT Cruiser
I see way too many hoes in my future, I'm gon' nail all them hoes, I'm Freddy Krueger
Grew up on Bun B, Pimp C was my tutor, Pimp Squad for life, had to do this for Houstooon
... Hollygrove ain't far from H-Town
We used to drive back and forth with the work prayin' the car don’t break down
Ooh, Hollygrove ain't far from H-Town
We used to drive back and forth with codeine, cocaine, the pills, and pooounds
Yeah, and we got back home safe and sound
If you got pulled over, you don't give police no names or get killed and never found
Word, but I kept some money to bail out
Momma used to say if I ever get caught, they gon' put me under the jailhouse
Damn, I'm too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
One to the chest with this chopper, leave you with just arms and a head like a octopus
I got this chopper protecting my livelihood, I'm so good, I'm so straight, I'm secure
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Cut {*echoes*}