
Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chance The Rapper, Justin Bieber, Lil Wayne, Quavo (Migos)
Album:  Grateful 
Song:   I'm the One
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: DJ Khaled]
We The Best Music!
Another one - DJ Khaled~!

[Chorus: Justin Bieber] + (DJ Khaled)
Yeah you're lookin' at the truth, the money never lie, no
I'm the one yeah, I'm the one
Early mornin' in the dawn, know you wanna ride now (let's ride)
I'm the one yeah (let's ride) I'm the one yeah
And you sick of all those other imitators
Don't let the only real one intimidate ya
See you watchin', don't run outta time now
I'm the one yeah
Oh-ay-oh-oh-oh, ay-oh - I'm the one
Oh-ay-oh-oh-oh, ay-oh - I'm the only one
Oh-ay-oh-oh-oh, ay-oh - I'm the one
Oh-ay-oh-oh-oh, ay-oh - I'm the only one

[Quavo]
Yah yah! Quavo
I'm the one that hit that same spot (hit it)
She the one that bring them rain drops (rain drops)
We go back, remember criss-cross and hopscotch? (hopscotch)
You the one that hold me down when the block's hot (hot)
I make your dreams come true when you wake up (dream)
And your look's just the same without no make-up (bad)
Had to pull up on your momma, see what you're made of (momma)
Ain't gotta worry 'bout them commas cause my cake up (cake)
You can run inside my life from that fame bus (skrrt)
Cause I promise when we step out, you'll be famous (yah!)
Modern day Bonnie and Clyde what they named us (why?)
Cause when we pull up (prrt prrt!) all angles

[Chorus]

[Chance The Rapper]
Okay though
Uh! She beat her face up with that new Chanel
She like the price, she see the ice, it make her coochie melt
When I met her in the club, I asked her who she felt
Then she went and put that booty on that Gucci belt, heh 
(Huh huh!) We don't got no label
She say she want bottles, she ain't got no table
She don't got no bed frame, she don't got no tables
We just watchin' Netflix, she ain't got no cable
Okay though, plug plug plug, I'm the plug for her (IGH!)
She want a nigga that pull her hair and hold the door for her (IGH!)
(Mmmm) Baby that's only me
Bitch it okay with me, baby okay, okay though

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Lookin' for the one? Well bitch, you're lookin' at the one
I'm the best yet and yet my best is yet to come
Cause I've been lookin' for somebody, not just any fuckin' body
Don't make me catch a body, that's for any and everybody
Oh my God, she hit me up all day, get no response
Bitch you blow my high, that's like turnin' gold to bronze
Roll my eyes, and when she on the molly, she a zombie
She think we Clyde and Bonnie but it's more like Whitney and Bobby
God forgive me, Tunechi F. finessin', I'm a legend
Straight up out the Crescent, fly your bae down for the Essence
For the record, I knew Khaled when that boy was spinnin' records
Mula gang winnin' record, I'm just flexin' on my exes
Oh God!

[Chorus]

[Outro: Justin Bieber] + (DJ Khaled)
(Another one, another one) 
Don't you know girl? Don't you know girl
I am the one for you? (I'm the one) yeah I'm the one
Don't you know girl? Don't you know girl
I am the one for you? (I'm the one) yeah I'm the one
Don't you know girl? Don't you know girl
I am the one for you? (I'm the one) yeah I'm the one
Don't you know girl? Don't you know girl
I am the one for you? (I'm the one) yeah I'm the one