
Artist: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   Itchin'
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

"Mike WiLL Made-It..."
"Dramatic nigga~!"
"Dramatic!" {*echoes*}
"EarDrummers"

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, she say my dickhead need a crown on it
She say my cum tastes like holy water
She say she get hiccups just thinkin' of me
I said "Next time, bring your drinkin' buddy"
I told her this that "Dedication 5"
And anythin' else is a consolation prize
I said "I'm cummin'", she said "Take your time"
Yeah...

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she says "I ain't wearin' none"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She said "Ransom"
And when she says "I love you", I say "Shut up, take this dick"
She treat me like a god and tell her man she atheist
And then he calls with all that bitchin', who is this? She busy, call her later
Now we switchin', positions, we in here gettin' creative
I put champagne on her titties then sip it out her navel
Boy I live in, pussy, let me speak to my neighbors

[Lil Wayne]
I say, "Clean the puke off of the toilet bowl"
Treat the pussy like revolvin' doors
Ran outta rubbers at the corner store
She in my ear like "What you want them for?"
Well give me brains since you a smart aleck
Fuck her all night and don't smell her
Open her mind like a watermelon
Haha, you jealous

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she says "I ain't wearin' none"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She said "Ransom"
And when she says "I love you", I say "Shut up, take this dick"
She treat me like a god and tell her man she atheist
He on that phone with all that bitchin', who is this? She busy, call her later
Now we kissin', we twisted, my dick in a tornado
She say hit it, I hit it, I hit it raw like yayo
I admit it - that fuckin' corner store man, heheh

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, we makin' love like money
Yeah, yeah, like money... like money
Told her "This that Dedication 5"
Yeah, Dedication 5
I killed that pussy, it came back to life, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she said "Why you playin' dumb?"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She didn't answer
And she said "Ooh, I love you", I said "Shut up, take this dick"
Would tell her say my name but I gave her an alias
And oh my God, she swallowed triplets, she gripped with, the hand that rocks the cradle
I'm so lifted, what is this? This here's a +Dedication+
It was scripted, predicted, and shout out to my skaters
Boy I live in, pussy, let me speak to my neighbors - I say

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
D5, whattup five?
Yeah, yeah
I told her "This that Dedication 5"
We makin' love like money