
Artist: Jadakiss f/ Lil Wayne
Album:  Top 5 Dead or Alive
Song:   Kill
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro/Chorus: Jadakiss]
What am I? A real nigga
This coupe I'm in cost a quarter mil' nigga
Niggaz hatin, I feel niggaz
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz {"Bangladesh"}
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz

[Jadakiss]
Ha-hahhhh! Uh, yeah, yo
Real niggaz love me, bitches they ain't never stop
Hatin niggaz fuck 'em, they-they can eat a bunch of cock
I'ma move this white shit, all you did was punch the clock
Nobody arrested, all they did was rush the block
Do it for my realies, cause they the ones that feel me
'Til God call for me or one of these niggaz kill me
As far as the rap game go, I'm the Achilles
Last man standin, quit flippin, fast grammin
My back against the wall, what I do? Blast cannon
Pre-meditated, I already planned it
I let you see the barrel, burner to your eye
It's assault if he live but it's murder if he die
Fuck him, what~!

[Chorus: Jadakiss]
What am I? A real nigga
This coupe I'm in cost a quarter mil' nigga
Niggaz hatin, I feel niggaz
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah.. uh
Don't start no shit, won't be no shit
She a Cancer, I hit her with that chemo dick
I'm married to the mob, my tuxedo fit
Now can you treat a Blood, like a mosquito, bitch?
I'm the exterminator, they call me +Terminator+
I cock this motherfucker back and Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm still a Martian nigga, approach with caution nigga
I'm 'bout to kill 'em baby, no abortion nigga
Toss a nigga in a river wearin cement shoes
Smokin quarters and pounds, I'm on my P's and Q's
And my redbone taste like strawberry shortcake
I'm still tryin to find a pain pill for heartbreak
I'm in this bitch, kush in this Swish'
I'm with my niggaz, y'all witnesses
Yeah, R.I.P. to them fake niggaz
Uh, V.I.P. for my skate niggaz
Tunechi~!

[Chorus: Jadakiss] + (Lil Wayne)
What am I? (A lil' nigga)
(Still do it bigger than Shaquille nigga!)
Niggaz hatin, I feel niggaz
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz
(AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz!)
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz (hahhhh!)
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz (yeahhhh, I'm 'bout to kill niggaz)
Huh, now what you say? I'm 'bout to kill niggaz (I'm 'bout to kill niggaz)
AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz (Young Moolah BAY-BAY!)

[Outro: Lil Wayne] + (Jadakiss)
'Bout to kill nigga!
I'm 'bout to kill niggaz!
(AK-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggaz)
'Bout to kill niggaz!