
Artist: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama f/ Euro, T@
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   Live Life
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: DJ Drama]
DJ Dram' for life
A Tribe Called Weezy
DJ Drama, fuck these niggas up!

[Lil Wayne]
What the fuck, nigga?

I'm a live my life, have my fun, act like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, smoke like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, fuck that shit, you only get one
Fuck that shit, I gotta sip some, I gotta bitch leavin', I gotta bitch comin'
Ay~! I'm gettin' more pop on my skateboard
Niggas don't want me to pop like a bungee cord
Uhh, I got my redbone head gone
That Bugatti go skrrt/skirt like the legs showin'
You think you street? I'm a jaywalk ya
I'm a basket case, where the fuckin' lawyer?
Yeah, Tunechi Lee in this motherfucker
Niggas fuck with me in this motherfucker, I'm a smoke 'em until I get lung trouble
And these, niggas sayin' they the truth
Uhh, but your pants on fire
... Like I was born in the pool
... I came up from the bottom
I'm a live my life, have my fun, skate like I don't give a fuck
Keep a brand new bitch, 'bout to get her ribbon cut
Rich but I ain't rich enough, your bitch is down, you bitchin up
Rolls Royce topless, it's about to get titty fucked
Tune!

[Euro]
Okay, live my life, have no fun, 'less you give my niggas some
Live my life, what the fuck, can't recall me givin' one
Live my life, have my fun, fuck like I don't give a fuck
And question, who the realest niggas? Okay, that's a given one
Well welcome to the murder show, show starts when the curtains close
Pass the scalpel to me, on my open-hearted surgeon flow
Why are all these coppers trippin? Bitches down there searchin' clothes
Yeah, I'm drinkin' stupid, what the fuck you think I'm swervin' for?
Look, I be with that nigga from New Orleans
Who be askin' if you heard me even though he wasn't talkin'
Seen a straight chick do some dyke shit and didn't pause
And she was probably brokenhearted, I'm so gone, I probably caused it
I'm just sayin', they ain't fuckin' with me
Bet they talkin' 'bout murderin' me
But look, Tune, I just don't see the killer in these niggas
2Pac's hologram was realer than these niggas

[T@]
Yeah! I'm a get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Rudy Gays up on the coupe and Black Mambas on the truck
I'ma dream chaser for stackin' cheddar
I'm in my Olympic Dream Team's Retros Number 7s
What you know about gettin' money?
Hop out the coupe, I got your bitch in there, I leave the engine runnin'
I hit the block, talk shit, roll a few stogies
Pop a bar, kill a lil' time on my Rollie
David Copperfield, I make a hundred disappear
Like I know Magic, but ball like Jordan
Nigga hatin' on my new deal, James Harden
I guess cause I'm the shit and you lil' niggas fartin'
With the weed, I did coke numbers, real talk
A buck fifty every three months - r-real talk

[Lil Wayne]
WTF, what the fuck nigga?
Tell them fuck niggas get the fuck nigga
Yeah, now who the fuck is with the fuck nigga?
it's just us, it-it's just us nigga
Yeah~! We the fuss, nigga
... That's a plus, nigga
And we don't fuck with snitches tryin' to bust niggas
So tell them fuck niggas get the fuck, nigga
And I'm a live my life, have my fun, skate like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, act like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life, and ball like I don't give a fuck
Smoke weed with the windows up, high as fuck but inchin' up
Pussy niggas tensin' up, are these niggas men or what?
I got your bitch antennas up, money talks, your minutes up
You can judge us, but don't sentence us, blow me like the wind would gust
We Trukfit and we supered up; WTF, who to fuck?
AHHH~! Hahahah, yeah, aww man

And this, bitch I'm rollin' with is cute
Yeah, and her ass on fire
And the whole time, I ain't feel a tooth
Then I ate that pussy 'til I lost a diamond
I'm gone! {*echoes*}