
Artist: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   New Slaves
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I got old money, take a bath in hunnids
My way or the highway and I see traffic comin'
It's Tunechi in this hoe, watch them hoes go crazy
Pass that weed around, like that shit contagious
And I got news for all these snitches, tell them feds stop bitchin'
If pussy lips could talk, I'd go down there like it's whisperin'
You know life is so uncertain and death is so unwanted
My navigation system say it's death around the corner
I got a condo for a stash house, a condo for a stash house
Get that boy a mirror so he can watch his damn mouth
See I get it from Sosa, he got it from Frank
And Sosa alright but I'm tryin' to meet Frank
He said business is well, he ain't got no complaints
You'll be Batman and I'll be Robin/robbin' the bank
I know I ain't gon' fall, even though I'm power trippin'
Glass house nigga, you see how I'm livin'
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new age
Ain't no such thing as too paid, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe...
Shake that ass hoe...

When we throw a pool party, we put sharks in the pool
I got Bloods in the cut so don't throw salt in the wound
AK wet niggas up, I don't throw water balloons
... Better call the platoon
If it's fuck it then fuck it, now you speakin' my language
Put your dead body under them white sheets with no blankets
I'm so rich, I go poor/pour, champagne and don't drink it
... Ice on my neck like I fainted
... These are the thoughts of the brainless
.. No new friends, we don't talk to strangers
Man I'm so serious with this pimp shit, full clip in my Mac 10
Ain't no exit out the game, nigga cut off your blinkers
And if she married I fuck her, if she lonely I fuck her
If she crazy I love her, y'all just don't understand her
She say "You got it made", I say "No, I got a butler"
They tell me to turn up but I'm the knob on the oven
I got a knife in my pocket if there's a fork in the road
I'm the man of steel/steal, but I won't say what I stole
Bring that coke to the stove and whip it like a new slave
Whip it like a new slave, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe... yeah
Shake that ass hoe... yeah

D5! Whattup five?
Take that coke to the stove and whip it like a new slave
Whip it like a new slave, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe