
Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Flow
Album:  The Carter V *
Song:   Off Day
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Lil Wayne]
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae...
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in the club goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late

I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake (oww~!)
And she go each way, she need a teammate (oh oh)
I got a bad bitch at home makin' me plates
She lock the door, set the alarm and text me she safe (okay)
I got a big booty bitch with a petite waist (I love her)
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped (I LOVE her)
And then she ride that dick, ooh freeway (ERRT~!)
And now them titties sittin' nice yeah, I wanna bite yeah (alright)
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah (uhh)
That's word to my right hand, that's my mic hand (mic check)
Shorty with the nice ass needs some flight plans (heh)
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right back
Hold up (hold up) uh-huh.. now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'~!
OOH~! Oh yeah.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her
Like wobble, we tonguin', we fuckin', we tonguin', we fuckin' - I'm cumin'~!

[Flow]
I got a bitch named Vanessa, she like how I finesse her
I'm comfortable by her, I put my pistol on her dresser
Had a threesome with her sister, they thought I was scared to ask them
Bust a nut then hit the bathroom, grab the towel and clean my mess up
I be swaggin' on these hoes, I ain't laughin' with these hoes
I would crack your fuckin' skull before I crack a fuckin' joke
Got some OG straight from Cali and some Backwoods from the store
Got a message from Lil Tune and he sent pictures of your hoe
And we got groupies in the hallway, set that dick all on her forehead
Bet there's roaches in my ashtray, bitches buggin', get the OFF! spray
Girl I fuck with you the long way; give me blowjobs on your off day
Give me blowjobs on your off day, give me blowjobs on your off day

[Lil Wayne]
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about all of these hoes in my face (why?)
My bitch in the club going up (up) on a weekday (up)
I see the bitch you came with, I made a stink face

She said her last little boo was such a cheapskate (yeah)
I put my arm around her shoulder, told her she straight (you good)
She ate the dick like Minnie Mouse eat cheesecake (woo~!)
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae (yeah)
I said "Oh you got that torture" (ow!) still I take precaution
I told her I ain't none of the suckers she been involved with
I fuck her till she's exhausted, pussy tastin' like frostin'
Then she get on her knees like she b-b-beggin' my pardon
That's word to my right hand, that's my dice hand
Pop that pussy like a price tag 'til I white flag - alright

[Flow]
I like smokin' with my bitches so I pass the blunt to Brittany
Bitches think that I'm a +Hot Boy+, I got dope dick, bitch I'm B.G
Gettin' BJ's from your BM while the DJ play my CD
Got a bitch up in the bed gon' make it squirt and touch the TV
Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt~! I just ditched your bitch
She ain't wanna suck my dick, she say she gave it up for lent
Thats why I fuck with her the long way, ate that pussy on the first date
Give me BJ's on your off day, give me blowjobs on your off day

[Lil Wayne]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh - and now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'
Oh yeah.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love it, I fuck her
We tonguin' and fuckin' and
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in this bitch goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late

I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake (woo!)
And she go each way, she need a teammate (ohh)
I got a bad bitch at home that never debate (never)
Sendin' pictures to my phone when she masturbate (oww~!)
I got a big booty bitch that keep her peach shaved (I love her)
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped (I LOVE her)
And then she surf that dick like a heatwave (OWW~!)
And now them titties sittin' right yeah, I wanna bite yeah (yeah)
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah (yeah)
That's word to my right hand, that's my knife hand (juug)
And shorty with them tight pants need some flight plans (juug, juug, juug, juug)
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right past, your ass (juug, juug, juug)
Uh-huh.. and now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'~!
Ooh.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her
Like wobble, we tonguin' we fuckin', we tonguin', we fuckin' - I'm cumin'~!

[both] Gettin' BJ's from your B-M while the DJ play my CD
[Flow] Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt~!
[both] Give me BJ's on your off day, give me blow jobs on your off day
[Wayne] Oh yeah, she don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae...