
Artist: Lil Wayne
Album:  Sorry 4 the Wait 2
Song:   Sh!t
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
I'm so sorry, so sorry, woo!
This, this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2" {"EarDrummers"}
And I'm so sorry {"Mike WiLL Made-It"}
Uh

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
"Sorry 4 The Wait" nigga, Glock 40 for them fake niggas
Throw a party everyday nigga, that's an ordinary day nigga
Bad bitch in mi casa, no mi casa su casa
My chopper go doom dada - tha-ya-ya-yada!

[Lil Wayne]
Tunechi bitch, on my Future shit, I'm too legit, I sleep on a crucifix
I wake up cranky and turn into a lunatic then shoot my bitch behind orange juice and grits
Uzi clip, I need another uzi clip, I shoot to kill, these pussy niggas shootin' bricks
I'm too for real, your head just a souvenir, she wanna get it off her chest but her boobs too big
I'm bumpin' "Carter V" on a iPod, my bitch mad as hell cause it ain't out yet
She said "Soon as these niggas hear your new shit, they gon' have to give they styles back"
I said "You too cray", she said "You too humble"; I said "You too, bae", she said "You too sweet"
Then I asked her do, she go both ways? She say "They do say love is a two way street"
I said "Ooh, talk dirty, talk dirty, dirty, talk dirty to me"
Treat that girl like cuisine, she gon' wanna shoot scenes, put my dick in museum
I'm gon' die on my feet, never knees in the dirt, never dirt on my knees, I'm just servin' these fiends
Sell birds to the bees, I sell birds to the trees, Tune I heard you don't sleep, I'm allergic to dreams
I don't twerk but I tweak for that purple, that pink, yeah you see what I'm sayin' like you heard what you see
I'm a verbal disease, I'm allergic to me
Been a turd on these streets since my curtains was sheets
Chef on these beats, I'm just stirrin' the grease, that bitch you in love with, she workin' for me
I personally get you murdered this week like that blunt between my two fingers, I'm at peace
Word, I smirk when I squeeze, trigger smart, street smart, I'm a nerd, I'm a geek
I'm absurd, I'm unique, did my time in Cash Money, time served and released but this agent ain't free
Word, that's the word on these streets but that shit is old news, that shit is so yesterweek
I'm just focused, focused on my expertise
They like "Tunechi, you good?" I'm like "Bob, yessiree!"
Now don't, I mean don't, don't question me, let me breathe
Dog... big dog, I cock back and shoot at ya fleas
Money long -- tree trunk, now stand under me, catch these leaves
I guarantee no guarantees but repeat what you heard, you a dead parakeet
It's Tunechi, bitch; your bitch Tunechi bitch, I fuck her on my balcony, we watch the moon eclipse
We do unusual shit, she gonna need lube for this cause I'ma stick it in her maximus gluteus
We at the top of the world, she like the view and shit, from up here everybody look the puniest
The coke got her all exuberant, she doin' lines like a movie script but these are true events
Lord! I'll kill a nigga right now, I'll put a nigga lights out
Then put his body in a icebox with holes in his body like socks
These niggas softer than, these niggas softer than nylon, so keep my name out your mouth, I hope it taste like cayenne
Lookin' up at the skyline, I'm thinkin' to my fuckin' self "You only live twice slime"
And motherfuck you if you fight crime, I'm from a place with a high crime rate like Iran
We put your ass on Nightline, I'm on the grass like a python
These niggas lookin' at me, these niggas lookin' at me sideways, that's because they on the sideline but they never try mine
Spittin' like I'm sippin' cyanide while my bitch sip a Mai-Tai but she wine fine

And I'm so sorry
She say "Don't be sorry"... woo!
Then she said "Don't apologize for shit
Cause you the shit and we know "Tha Carter V" the shit"
Woah.. woo!

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Ay, and I'm so sorry for the wait
I'm so sorry, so sorry, woo!
This, this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
And I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry