
Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Lil Wayne, Travis Scott
Album:  Major Key
Song:   Tourist
Typed by: Cedmaster3K
 
[Intro: Travis Scott] + (DJ Khaled)
(We The Best Music!)
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh
How many times the merry-go-round goes around?
You come around a whole lot of times (DJ Khaled!)
 
[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Bust a trip, come and be my tourist
Pretty bitches walkin' 'round my forest
How does it feel, my nigga? Damn it feel great
Bust a trip, come and be my tourist
 
[Travis Scott]
I might bust that little bitch, pass to my buddy (bust it wide)
Bust that bitch and pass her to my buddy (bust it, bust it)
How does it feel, my nigga? Damn I feel great (yeah)
Bust a little bitch and pass her to my buddy (straight up!)
Gin and tonic, pass that to my buddies
On that lean and soda, I'm not no alcoholic
How does that feel, my nigga? I said it feel great
Come bust a trip and come and be my tourist (straight up!)
Alligator swamp, we pill pop in my hood
Ain't no changin' that, cut that check, we all good (straight up!)
9 A.M. clockin', 4 A.M. water whippin'
Just got to the Mo, my niggas still leanin', tippin'
Had to bust a bitch I knew back from my old days
Shawty held me down when a nigga had that bald fade (straight up!)
504, my nigga, shout my woadie
La Flame killin' you niggas, damn I'm sorry (damn I'm sorry)
That's not my kid, call up my nigga Maury
Drinkin', drivin', but I wore a condom and I'm stickin' to that story
I bust a nut like I bust a brick, bust a band like I bust a bitch
Bust a nigga like I bust a bitch, but I pass it like I'm Robert Horry (straight up!)
 
[Chorus] - 2X w/ ad-libs
 
[Lil Wayne]
Ahem; Wayne's world, party time, excellent
She might be a tourist or a terrorist, a Hell's Angel actin' like she Heaven sent, Lord
We can go sight seein' and all that, she can be wifey and all that
She's the tourist, I'm her tour guide, cause he just bullshit, I hit bullseye
The weed got her lightheaded, red eyes, I told her "Don't worry, we stay high
Plus there's a bed on my tour bus, so you can get fucked as we pull out, Lord"
I pull out like skrrt in New Orleans, I pull up her skirt and get gnarly
She come to Wayne's world just to party, and all of my tourists is foreign
 
[Chorus] - 2X w/ ad-libs
 
[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Khaled, fuck with your boy
Bust a trip and come and be my tourist - moolah!
God is great
We winnin'... amen
Hallelujah, Hollygrove
Hallelujah, Hollygrove
I'm gone...
Bust a trip and come and be my tourist