
Artist: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama f/ Birdman, Future, Mack Maine
Album:  Dedication 5
Song:   Way I'm Ballin'
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

{"Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!"}

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I got shotguns under my staircase, rob yo hoe ass barefaced
Been had this bitch on lock, I'm bout to get this bitch a cellmate
All my life I been this cold, all my nights I spend with hoes
I keep change on me now cause this shit's startin to take a toll
I just flew two hoes in, oh how time flies, clip it's wings
Make you spit that safe combination out like Listerine
And even though I'm not an artist, this is where I draw the line
We don't feel none of you niggas, y'all some fuckin porcupines
I still got residue all on my dinner plates, real niggas in my inner circle
None of my checks come late, I ain't havin' that, I give 'em curfews
Dressed up like a old lady, uzi under my church dress
Surprise yo ass like a baby, takin' his first steps
I’m too good for just any bad bitch, smoke like I've been kissin' dragons
That milk carton show her missin' panties, that pussy felt like a hidden valley
Thank God that I'm so gifted, I wouldn't return a single gift
But all good things must come to an end like this blunt burnin' my fingertips
Lil Tunechi.. this ain't what you want
Put that gun to yo hoe head, make her tell me what you don't
Got some moon rocks in my pockets, that's a pocket full of stones
Fuck with me cause I fucked around and got that shit from Neil Armstrong
(Ow!) Neil Armstrong (ow!) Neil Armstrong
Fuck with me cause I fucked around and got that shit from Neil Armstrong
Got some moon rocks in my pockets, that's a pocket full of stones
Fuck with me cause I fuck around and got that shit from Neil Armstrong (WOO!)

[Mack Maine]
... Stripper pole on the yacht
... Stripper pole in my spot
... I got yo girl in my condo
... Bitch I'm ballin like Rondo
Flexin', ranches up in Texas
I know it's a blessing but I don't know what's a recession
If we talkin' Mew Mews, Jimmy Choos and Giuseppe, she got it
I star 6-7, my flights I fly private
Woo! I'm a walkin' hedge fund
... I copped a 62 for leg room
... This bitch text sayin' her lights off
I bought her a new crib, it's a tax write-off

[Chorus: Future] + (Mack Maine)
Don't like the way I'm ballin' on these niggas
Don't like the way I'm ballin' on these niggas (forever!)
Don't like the way I'm ballin' on these niggas - always
Don't like the way I'm ballin' on these niggas (step up in this kitchen)
Just step back, take a look at me (hah!)
Listen (that, that Ferrari unreleased)
(Stop bein' so defensive, I'm makin' good decisions)
(That's the reason why we winnin', we flyin', we finished)
Don't like the way I'm ballin' on these niggas

[Birdman]
Yeah, yeah
Rich Gang, we drop feathers to fall
Rich Gang, ball 'til you fall
We hit the block dippin' cause the block hot
Record sales, ship it from the hard knox
... Live it like we live it twice
... Ballin' with them bright lights
... Bad bitches stand tall
... Bad bitches, want 'em all
... Hella choppas on the surface
Mansion on the beach, nigga that's the purpose
... Blow it cause the swag is perfect
First class flights, nigga we done murked 'em
BLAAAT~!

[Chorus]

[Wayne] D5, whattup five?