
Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Eminem
Album:  E.L.E.2 (Extinction Level Event 2)
Song:   Calm Down
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Turn my mic up
Turn my mic up

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
{"Steady on the right"} Aiyyo, calm down nigga
{"Steady on the left"} Aiyyo, calm down nigga
{"Steady on the right"} Aiyyo, calm down nigga
{"Steady on the left"} Fuck it, BLACK OUT NIGGAZ!

[Busta Rhymes]
Oh my Lorrrrrd~! Lower the casket down (down)
Sprinkle the ash, or get your ass kicked, pow! (pow!)
Frown while I shit on your crown, skip town (town)
Ground zero, shapiro the king cash cow (cow cow)
Do I make 'em say wow, strip, OW!
Bow! I sit with the pound, click POW!
Blaow, click click, POW! Click POW!
Stop traffic droppin them classics, flip NOW!
Bitches I'm makin them skip with thou
Art, you don't really wan' start, when I growl (growl)
RRAOW, RAWR RRAOW! Let me come and mop up the knock-offs
When I pop off and never stop, cause
When we do come through, you better lock doors
PAUSE! The wolves wanna eat, peep how they lock jaws
No need to cook up the coke, you see we chop raw
And if you ain't had enough
What in the fat fishes of a phenomenal Fahrvergnügen fuck is goin on?
Back with the B.A. Baracus callous, bang on another song
I'ma have these niggaz nervous and clippin they nails
and dribblin and witness 'em nibble 'em like sunflower seed shells
See these scales got my weight up heavy like three whales
And I shit on these males 'til it's stinkin fouler than the weed smell
Nigga your tree fell, see how they Twitter, Facebook and Instagram'in a E-mail
talkin I'm sick, I got 'em shook and I bang 'em at retail
until they cripple, see I cook like I'm slangin a weed sale
until I triple bread and whoop 'em and drag 'em like females
{*gasp*} Oh see well
These niggaz already know the way that I fuck shit up minus the details
The case is shut, your bitch remind me of replacement butt
Kind of an ancient slut, it's goin down like she was a basement fuck
Swell up they shit like I'm stickin steaks in they gut
So gracefully and graciously I painfully wake niggaz up
Ragdollin these niggaz and attackin like apes in the cut
I'm waitin for the takin while I break niggaz neck like a bracelet, FUCK!
It's kinda like me havin a case in the truck
and drinkin 'til I'm blasted, harassin and erase a nigga, WHAT!
Keepin 'em open, I'm blackin until I'm leavin 'em stuck
And got 'em happier than a child in a park chasin a duck
When I'm chasin a buck these funny niggaz be chasin they luck
I be lacin 'em up like boots while I'm pushin they face in the mud (ahh!)
Missiles I fling while I spit live wire 'til this shit circlin back around
with more fire for me to melt a brick surfacin back a sound
While I light up shit that'll cause a quick worship and gather around
It's certain this shit'll splatter cliques painful and make 'em scatter (bling)
Shameful the way I shatter (split) shit apart it doesn't matter
(Rip) your head up off your shoulders (with) bullets bigger than a boulder
and they break 'em and they know it's (CLASSIC)
And the wait is over, you could easily get yo' (ASS KICKED)
See me and Shady together we crazy
like bakin a vomit and rabies cake like a pastry bitch (WE THAT SICK?)
Like I come from Haiti, I'm suggestin you pay me
Don't make me wanna spazz (A LA LA LA) like a crazy Israeli (BASTARDS!)
While I bite the beat up and I'm startin to heat up (JACK!)
And I'm choppin your foot off now it's mine and I'm puttin my feet up (BLACK!)
Back to the hood and off to the wild and I'm hopin you protect your child
And I been blackin out so long niggaz is askin if the hook had died
Nah, but the beat is fried!

{"Steady on the right"} Aiyyo, calm down nigga
{"Steady on the left"} Aiyyo, calm down nigga
{"Steady on.."} {"Yo chill, man, chill! Chill, chill"}

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Apparently there's a light contagiousness to this tirade
It just might make you sick, so irate with this my brain is just like a fuckin fried egg
Is my mind scrambled cause I'm lit/omelet, narrow-minded but go through such a wide range
of this emotion that my rage has gotta squeeze through it sideways
I just, pulled up in Clive Davis' driveway
with his personal memoir sayin he's bi, wavin a nine, a
picket sign, egging his ride, makin him cry "rape" then arrive naked
and drive straight through the gay pride parade gate, yippee-ki-yay
cause here I - wait, did the world just pee on my leg?
And should I take it as a sign maybe to take 'em back into time? (Shady!)
Stuck out like a sore thumb, so I gave 'em the finger
to take the attention away from my stinkin face it was bringin
Changed the whole complexion of the game, but just in case you was thinkin
an inklin of replacin the kingpin of crazy, you're wastin your ink then
So if this is any indication of what you may be facin
You better make a distinction cause you fake imitations
are leavin a bad taste, fuck makin a bad impression
That's the worst impersonation I've ever seen and
Who raps nasally, eyes hazily, rhymes crazily
but sounds like he may need some Flonase when he's speakin?
What kind of stupid question is that? "Hey Mrs. Abraham Lincoln
Other than your husband's fuckin brains that were leakin, how'd you think that play was this weekend?"
You ain't +The Real Slim Shady+, sit your ass down
Faggot, see me on a ballot, I'm runnin for class clown
Rich Democrat bitch, so I'm just a candidate
to come fuck up the whole party, me and Flipmode starting a campaign
to have every campus on a fuckin +Rampage+
Act my goddamn age? I am, eight!
So let's get smashed and wake up the next day with the room trashed, covered in Band-Aids
Glass ashtray smashed, champagne splashed on the lampshades
But this ain't up for debate, this is un-debatable
Shady for president hoe, don't make me go
take it back to the days of old with Sway and Tech radio
when I was takin so much No-Doz and LSD I almost fell asleep on "The Wake Up Show"
Fuck you telling me fools? I was rippin shop, raising hell up in Drew's
when Penelope Cruz was still developing boobs!
Me and Bust put it down like a sick pet, you're fuckin with vets dawg
Fuckin internet bloggers
"I sit in front of my computer all day and comment on
everything, I'm an expert on everything, everything sucks, play the next song!"
Guess if I hopped out your freakin laptop you idiot prick
with Biggie and kicked the living shit out you, I'd be +Dead Wrong+
Son of God, I'm the SOG like a wet log
Pores never get clogged cause I'm so full of self-esteem that I sweat fog
... Yes yes y'all (waah)
Steady on the left y'all, step off 'fore you get stepped on
Soft? 'Bout as commercial as my fuckin Learjet
Jealously'll get you green as a Chia Pet, I can see that you're visibly upset dawg
Alert, alert, girl, alert
Once you enter in my +House of Pain+ you're in a world of hurt
So {"Jump around, JUMP, JUMP!"} Get that ass shakin
{"Jump around, JUMP!"} Came to hit you with a fan favorite
But if you're too fly for coach better get them arms and frickin hands flailin
and {"JUMP"} like Van Halen and pray for a damn tailwind!
More afraid of success than I am failure
So what does that tell ya?
That on a grand scale I don't give a fuck about nothin like Stan mailin
his last piece of fanmail 'fore he ran straight into the damn railin

[Outro]
"Yo chill, man, chill!" {*echoes*}
