
Artist: Eminem f/ Joyner Lucas
Album:  Kamikaze
Song:   Lucky You
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro: Joyner Lucas]
Whoa, Joyner, Joyner
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Joyner Lucas]
Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it
I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy but I'll prolly never get it
I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin ribbon
Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules
I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose
Y'all been eatin long enough, it's my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate, where my drink? This my day, lucky you
Fuck you too! WOO!

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice!

[Joyner Lucas]
Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall, turn my back on you, all of you finished
Back to these bullets, it's back to the job, pull my MAC out and all of you runnin
Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin these packs and I'm actually pumpin
Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin, you mighta went platinum but y'all don't mean nothin
I'm actually buzzin this time, straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine
I do not fuck with you guys, if I don't kill you just know you gon' suffer this time
I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers, some chains and some blades and a couple of knives
Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree, my +12 Days of Christmas+ was nothin but lies
I, run at you hard like a sumo (sumo) they say I talk like a chulo (chulo)
I live in +Mars+, I'm not Bruno (woo) bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (woof)
You play your cards, I +Reverse+ on you all and I might just +Draw Four+ like a Uno (bup)
Cállate boca mejor, maricón, little puto, and all of you culo
They've invented a level off in the ghetto to ghetto, lookin for somethin I prolly can never find now
Shit get relevant until the beef die down, in truth a nigga just really want me tied down
I've been alone and I never needed nobody, just only me and my shawty, I tell these niggaz to lie down
Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle, I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now
I said ain't no love for the other side or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner!)
When I die, I'm goin out as the underdog who never lost hope (yeah!)
You in the wrong cab down the wrong path, nigga wrong way, wrong road (woo!)
Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast, I just bought a fuckin lawn mower (vroom!)

[Eminem]
I have said a lot of things in my day, I admit it
This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys but I sold my soul to get 'em
Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin recognition
Fuck's the difference? I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules
Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose
I been eatin long enough? Man my stomach should be full, I just ate
Lick the plate, my buffet, lucky me, fuck you think? (woo!)
I got a couple of mansions, still I don't have any manors/manners
You got a couple of ghost writers but to these kids it don't actually matter
They're askin me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?" I said, "I don't have any answers"
Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album, it hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers
And actually comin from humble beginnings, I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say "What a wonderful feeling!" We're on the upswing like we're punchin the ceiling
But nothin is feeling like anyone has any fuckin ability to even stick to a subject
It's killin me, the inability to pin humility, hatata-batata, why don't we make a bunch of
fuckin songs about nothin and mumble 'em! Fuck it, I'm goin for the jugular/juggler
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin up don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
about the ones that were here before you to make raps, let's recap, way back
MC's that, wreak havoc on tape decks, ADAT's with the G Raps, and Kane's hat
We need 3 Stacks, ASAP, and bring Masta Ace back, cause half of these rappers
have brain damage, all the lean rappin, face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad, but in fact, where the old me at?
The same cat that would take that, feed-back, and aim back, I need that!
But I think it's inevitable, they know what button to press
or what lever to pull to get me to snap though (lil' bitch)
And if I'm payin attention I'm probably makin it bigger
but you've been takin the dicks in the fuckin back hoe (get it?)
On the brink in a minute, got me thinkin of finishin
everything with acetaminophen and reapin the benefits
I'm asleep at the wheel again as I peak into thinkin about
an evil intent of another beat I'ma kill again
Cause even if I gotta end up eating a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine with a minithin
It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram
and I might as well cause I'ma end up bein a villain again
Levels to this shit, I got an elevator
You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy, I made a navigator
Motherfucker know I got a right to be this way, I got spite inside my DNA
But I rode 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin tirelessly, ayy
It's the moment y'all been waitin for, like California wishin rain would pour
And that drought y'all been prayin for, my downfall
From the "8 Mile" to the "Southpaw" still the same Marshall, that outlaw
that they say as a writer/rider might've fell off, I'm back on that bull like the cowboy

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas] + (Eminem)
(So y'all gotta move, yeah, y'all gotta move, yeah) Y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice!