
Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Anderson .Paak, Candice Pillay
Album:  Compton: A Soundtrack
Song:   Medicine Man
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro]
Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah... about that)

[Candice Pillay]
Don't let me find out, the bitch in you
Don't let me find out, the snitch in you

[Chorus: Candice Pillay]
Fame and fortune, it's not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders, go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself

[Candice Pillay]
Doctor's orders

[Dr. Dre]
Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit over-saturated, y'all can get evacuated
Kids sippin Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the internet, stuck in place, salivatin
Ain't nobody graduatin
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it, it's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
Damn I'm gettin aggravated, fuck I'm gettin agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fuckin schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be 13 actin 22
Niggaz be 44 actin half they ages
Somebody tell me what the fuck is goin on?
These niggaz in tight shit, I'm in the fuckin Matrix
It's lookin like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fuckin greatest
I got all these patients man, how come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money, why when I can take it with me?
Y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
They gon' find out who you are, just admit it 'fore you get admitted

[Anderson .Paak]
Yeah! Say, what you livin about?
Fuck you gon' tell me?
Do you remember where you started out though?
You lookin lost now (you want a pass, OH, DAMN!)
Fake it 'til you make it, take your little paper book
When you look in the mirror, your credibility's gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
than to be loved for who I'm not, that's word to Doc

[Chorus]

[Eminem] + (Candice Pillay)
In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem I was this good scoffed
I just shook off
Probably reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended, see how plain/plane it was, now they want me to jet
No one really gave a fuck about my descent, 'til I took off
Mistook me because I look soft
But I stood tall, I just follow the (doctor's orders)
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided, opposin you is what I'm 'posed to do, alls
I did was, say what I'm feelin when the vocal booth calls
And had you, on pins and needles, when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fuckin goes through the walls, like the ghost of Lou Rawls!
Karma's headed for Armageddon, the drama setter
I'm goin in, already got an arm and head in
Whoever said words are just words, can't hurt me more than I give
Fuck if my image even ends up takin a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned in this bitch
And whatever bitches feel like they didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse, it's worth it
So Doc turn the beat on, whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's, to all the years I spent toein a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind, in my mind
I'm still underground as a groundhog and I'ma gopher/go for mine
Like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
No sign of slowin, these lines are my nines
I just load up the most rhymes {*blam*} and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign
Been a (doctor's) assault rifle with the sniper scope for this whole TIME!
Day ONE, say when to blast, just give me the order, I spray UH! {*gunfire*}
Pain in the ass and get shot in the ass with a paint GUN!
Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there AIN'T none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waitin on someone to say somethin
Dre make the bass pump and let the tape run
for old time's sake, I'll spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment you're waitin for has come
But the

[Chorus]

[Outro: Candice Pillay]
Doctor's orders
Doctor's orders
(AHHHHHH FUCK!!)