
Artist: Big Sean f/ Eminem
Album:  I Decided.
Song:   No Favors
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Chorus: Big Sean]
Make it, make it, make it, boy we gotta make it
You can save your hand, I ain't gotta shake it
Everything lined up for the takin
And what I need from 'em? No favors
Clique too big, bread gotta break it
Cause these others low-key with the snakin, fakin
Everything lined up for the takin
And what I need from 'em? No favors
No favors

[Interlude: Big Sean]
What I need? No favors
E'rything lined up for the takin
And what I need from 'em? No favors

[Big Sean]
I'm about gettin the job done, boy up every night
I'm about rollin a seven when I toss up the dice
I'm about gettin my logo all flooded with ice
I'm about takin a risk that might fuck up your life
Tell them point and shoot like camera crews in front of cameras too (brrrt!)
"Damn, Sean, what happened to the humble attitude?"
I'm like, niggaz took the flow but I'm still standin too
Thought I had the Midas touch and then I went platinum too
Motherfuck all your comparisons (fuck 'em)
I've been talkin to God like that's my therapist
I'm African-American in America, I ain't inherit shit
But a millionaire under 30 so He must be hearin shit
Don don don life, I do this for the crib, the D to Flint
Kids who get sick with lead; others get hit with the lead
From where they need a hand-out but they tell you put hands up
Only deals I had was from the Sam's Club
Now it's blue blood in my veins, though you know what I came fo'
Born in a world goin where they told me I cain't go
In my lane though, I'm in the same boat as Usain Bolt
Get ahead by any means so the head's what I aim fo'
When my grandma died I realized I got an angel
Show me everything's a blessing dependin on the angles
Look, I am the anomaly
Never needed favors or apologies, that's my new lifetime policy
Woodgrain steering wheel, this bitch feel like a pirate ship
How many hot verses 'til you bitches start acknowledgin
the pictures we been paintin, my nigga?
Connected to a higher power, how I know? Cause I don't write this shit, I think it my nigga
Look, all I ever did was beat the odds
Cause when you try to get even it just don't even out
Never stoppin like we hypnotized, watch what we visualize on the rise
Be the GOAT while we alive, when we die we gon' be the gods

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
If she was flavor, I won't save her/savor
No taste buds, hoe, later!
Fuck you lookin at, hater?
I "saw dem eyes"/sodomize like an ass raper
Try to copy my swag like a cheatin classmate
I'll be the last face you see 'fore you pass
when you get your fuckin ass graded like a math paper!
So ahead of my time, "late" means I'm early
My age is reversing, I'm basically 30
Amazingly sturdy, zany and wordy, brainy and nerdy
Blatantly dirty, insanely perverted, rapey and scurvy
They blame me for murdering Jamie Lee Curtis, said I put her face in the furnace
Beat her with a space heater, a piece of furniture, egg beater, thermos
... It may be disturbing
What I'm saying's cringeworthy, but I'm urinating on Fergie
Call Shady number 81, surely
I'm turning into the Aaron Hernandez of rap, state of emergency
The planet's havin panic attacks, Brady's returning
Matter of fact I may be deserving of a +Pat+ on the back like a Patriots jersey!
... Inexplicable stomach growl
From the +Pit+ of it, like a fuckin Terrier hid in it
Despicable, dumb it down, ridiculous, tongue is foul
Shoot off at the fuckin mouth, like a missile, a thunder cloud
Hundred pound pistol, pull the trigger, this gun'll sound
and you'll +Get A-round+ like Digital Underground
And fuck Ann Coulter with a Klan poster
With a lamp post, door handle, shutter
A damn bolt cutter, a sandal, a can opener
A candle, rubber, piano, a flannel, sucker
Some hand soap, butter, a banjo, and manhole cover!
Hand over the mouth, and nose smother
Trample ran over the tramp with the Land Rover
The van, the Lambo, Hummer and Road Runner, go HAM, donut
Or go Rambo, gotta make an example of her
That's for Sandra Bland hoe, and Philando
Hannibal on the +Lamb+, no wonder I am so stubborn
I'm anti, can't no government
handle a commando, your man don't want it
Trump's a BITCH! I'll make his whole BRAND go under (yeah)
And tell Dre I'm meeting him
in L.A, white +Bronco+ like Elway, speeding I'm
'bout to run over a chick, Del Rey CD in
... Females stay beatin him
Bet you they'll lay bleeding and yell, "Wait!" pleading but
screaming is pointless, like feeding Michel'le helium
Leaving him pale-faced, medium-sized welt straight
treating him like a cellmate, seedy, I'm climbin hell's gate
Bitch I'm like your problems, self-made
Meaning someone else's help ain't needed
Cause I'ma

[Chorus]

[Interlude]

[Outro]
"I know you're feeling yourself right now
 But I'm not sure she's the one, I would call 'em in"
Ay, I'm outside
  What are you doing here?