
Artist: Eminem
Album:  Kamikaze
Song:   Normal
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro: Eminem]
(Yeah yeah yeah) Yo (yo) how do I keep
(Man I don't know what's up with these hoes, man)
Gettin in relationships like this (I'm just sayin)
Maybe it says somethin about me (yeah, yup)
Should I look in the mirror?

[Chorus: Eminem]
I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Why you always need a lecture?
My ex hates to talk, she's a texter
Even when I'm in bed layin right next to her
Wants to get back together
Said not 'til she gets her act together

[Eminem]
She thinks I'm bein mean and now she starts to scream and shout, she's about to let the demons out
She don't wanna see me with other females out, I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route
She retaliates by tryin to leave the house in an evening gown with her cleavage out
We've been down this road too many times for me to count, and all I can think is how

[Chorus: Eminem]
I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Like a fuckin terrestrial
Guess it comes with the territory
My ex girl, she just declared war
Therefore, I better prepare for it
I guess bein weird's normal

[Eminem]
And I don't know what's got a hold of me, most notably I've been zonin to Jodeci
I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted, so much so that I bet you she don't even know that she's
the first thing I think of when I wake up and the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep
Sike, hope she don't notice me goin through her purse, I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's
heartless, no wonder we're partners, both got hundreds of charges
Domestic disputes but we've always swept it under the carpet
Even when 911 gets the call that, I slipped up and busted her jaw with
a Louisville Slugger cause all's it, really does is make our love
for each other grow stronger, she won me over the second she tried to run me over
Told her I'd keep it a hun', we over, kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
But why is she so wicked? And how the fuck did I get so twisted?
I'm with someone so unlikeable and shifty, we're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing she's only mine for the time being
That's why I keep, bringin up that one time she, tried to two-time me
And throw it up in her face 'til I dry heave, how could I, be so naive?
Should I leave or turn this entire evening to a motherfuckin crime scene?!

{*beat changes*}

Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with, him, you weren't supposed to agree, you fucking bitch!
Especially when you're the one cheated first, now the argument immediately becomes heated
You don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it, complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
... I love you but I hope you fuckin die though
In our business your friends like to pry so, you've got 'em all undercover just like moles
Hopin they'll come back with intel, but I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go, thinkin I'm sly as I scroll
through your iPhone, who the fuck's Milo? The guy at work who drives a Hi-Lo
I put a trackin device on your Chrysler and follow you while you drive home
But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown
You recognize me and had Milo flip me off right out the passenger side window {*horn honks*}
I hit a light pole, you skrrt off and then pull up at 5 AM in the drive in a stretch white limo
Stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with Milo's demo
But like a drunk bum, what do I know? Let's sleep on it like they did "Revival"
I told you you're the apple of my eye so shut your pie hole

[Outro: Eminem]
Just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal?
Yeah, I just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal?