
Artist: Eminem f/ Beyonce
Album:  Revival
Song:   Walk on Water
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Chorus: Beyonce]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

[Eminem]
Fuck it
Why, are expectations so high?
Is it the bar I set? My arms I stretch
But I can't reach, a far cry from it
Or it's in my grasp but as, soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip, like the flyin trapeze
Into the dark I plummet
Now the sky's blackening, I know the mark's high, butter-
-flies rip apart my stomach
Knowin that no matter what bars I come with
you're gonna harp, gripe and
That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these {*paper rips*}
As pressure, increases, like khakis
I feel the ice cracking
Because

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Shit...
It's the curse of the standard, that the first of the "Mathers" discs set
Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet
Will this step, just be another misstep
to tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect
... I've garnered?
The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like I'm hittin the mark
'til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, "This shit is garbage"
God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive
And I try not to listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin to strip me of my confidence, mission accomplished
I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim
'Pac, Big, James Todd Smith and I'm not Prince
So

[Chorus]

[Beyonce]
Cause I'm only human, just like you
Makin my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me, the way that you do
Cause I'm terrified to let you down, ohh

[Eminem]
It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess
At times juvenile yes, I goof and I jest
... A flawed human I guess
But I'm doin my best, to not ruin your ex-
-pectations and meet 'em but first
the "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean
"He's goin too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?"
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin out my palm
Every album's song, I was spazzin the fuck out on
And now I'm gettin clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's lookin down on me that matters, now's DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?
... Begs the question though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades, and the Dresden home
is burnt to the ground and all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone, and it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtain's drawn
They're closin the set, I'm still pokin my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme
Outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares
or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind
I might go outta mine, cause how do I
ever let this mic go without a fight
when I made a fuckin tightrope outta twine?
... But when I do fall
from these heights though I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time
around cause

[Chorus]

[Beyonce]
Cause I'm only human, just like you
I've been makin my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me, the way that you do
Cause I'm terrified to let you down, ohh
If I walked on water, I would drown

[Outro: Eminem]
Cause I'm just a man
But as long as I got a mic, I'm god-like
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"!