
Artist: Jay-Z f/ Damian Marley
Album:  4:44
Song:   Bam
Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com

Intro: Damian Marley]
Now greetings to di world!!!

[Chorus: Damian Marley]
Gangsta nuh live inna tenement yard (NO)
Rudebwoy nuh live inna tenement yard
Too much watchie watchie watchie too much su su su su su
Dem chatty chatty chatty dem su su su su su

[Verse One: Jay Z]
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga HOV!!! Shawn was on that gospel shit
I was on the total fuckin' opposite
Shit, stuff a million dollars in the sock drawer
That's a war chest in case you need your chest knocked off
Y'all be talkin' crazy under them IG pictures
So when you get to hell you tell 'em Blanco sent you
I can't take no threats I got a set of twins (AH!)
Those were just the words you'll never hear again (Uh Huh!)
For the final time you don't believe these fools
I've never seen a worker rock so many jewels (Never!)
I've never seen the runner with so many cars (Never)
Y'all couldn't stop me you're not as tough as you say you are
My advice is just don't be too nice to niggas
Just set the price so niggas'll live your life, my nigga
Once upon a time in the projects
Shawn was in flight mode I bought a Pyrex
I was in fight mode oh now it's fuck me mijo!
I was movin' them kilos helped you move your peoples
Sometimes you need your ego gotta remind these fools
Who they effin' with, and we got FN's too
Before we had A&R's we had AR's too
We the only ones really movin' like y'all say y'all do
We still movin' like y'all niggas say y'all did
Emory passed you niggas and he did a bid
Ty Ty jumped over niggas he like 5'6"
Got the heart of a giant, don't you ever forget
Don't you never forget, Jigga got the shit poppin'
I pulled out the pot when we was out of options
 
[Chorus: Damian Marley]
Gangsta nuh live inna tenement yard (NO)
Rudebwoy nuh live inna tenement yard
Too much watchie watchie watchie, dem su su su su su
Too much chatty chatty chatty and dem su su su su su

[Verse Two: Jay Z]
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga HOV!!!
Put that drum in your ear, don't get Srem'd
I'll +Bobby Shmurda+ anybody you heard of
Niggas could not be further, I fathered your style
+Birth Of A Nation+ +Nat Turner+ style
Uh! Y'all make me turn up all this talkin' down
Uh!  Niggas is skippin' leg day just to run they mouth
I be skippin' leg day, I still run the world
I pressed ahead of your team with one finger curled
I'll line y'all all up with one finger wave
Make niggas weave, niggas is out here fake
Laced front to the back, don't front
Y'all gonna make me wig, I'm a give y'all what y'all want
Uh!  

[Chorus: Damian Marley] (*Jay-Z)
Gangsta nuh live inna tenement yard (NO)
Dreadlock nuh live inna tenement yard
Too much watchie watchie watchie and dem su su su su su
Too much chatty chatty chatty and dem su su su su su
(*Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga HOV!!!) 

[Bridge: Damian Marley]
Can't you see it's my ambition, l come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam yo! LORD!
A mi seh what a bam bam (Do it, Jay!)
Can't you see it's my ambition, I come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam, what a bam bam
I don't give a God damn, I don't give a God damn
Cho! When mi come a dance have mi spliff and Guinness
Dis  a huntin' season, mek I tell yuh huntin' season
Well I tell yuh somethin' season, yo dis a huntin' season
Cake and dumpling'season, spinners and dumplin; season

[Outro: Damian Marley]
Don't play by di king Love is all I an I bring yuh know
Voice of di one pon gully bankin' top rankin' keep it skankin'
OOOH WEE!! HUH! Hear mi now!