
Artist: Drake
Album:  If You're Reading This It's Too Late
Song:   How Bout Now *
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

* physical album bonus track

[Intro: woman]
That's the shit I'm talkin 'bout though, like, you changed up
You don't even fuckin link nobody no more
You just dash me away like a cyattie
Yo you cheesed me dawg

[Drake]
Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really wit'cha
Crazy how even when it miss you shit'll come back around and getcha
Crazy like all my niggaz, crazy like all my niggaz
Remember I deleted all my other girls' numbers out the phone for ya
Remember when you had to take the bar exam I drove in the snow for ya
Yeah, you probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for ya
Yeah

[Chorus: Drake]
You ain't really fuck with me way back then but how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now, and ya stuck right now
Ohhh, you thought you had it all figured out back then but how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now, and ya stuck right now
Yeah, you thought the little effort that you put in was enough, girl how 'bout now?
Yeah, girl how 'bout now?
How 'bout now girl? What about now girl? How 'bout now?

[Interlude]
"My heart belongs to you, you..."

[Drake]
Yeah, always been daddy's little angel
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you
I had no money left from actin, I was focused on the music
I used to always try and burn you CDs of my new shit
You be like "Who's this?" I be like "Me, girl"
You be like "Oh word, true shit?"
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris
Them car rides made me feel like I was losin it
Yeah, made me feel like I ain't have it like that or I was average like that
Started drinkin way more than I used to
People form habits like that, girl
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year
I'm not even Christian, I still went to church that year
Guess, I just had to pretend that year
I ain't even see my friends that year
Places that I should've been

[Chorus]

[Outro]
"My heart belongs to you, you"
"Whatever you need, there's nothin I won't do, do" {*3X*}
Now, and ya stuck right now
Now, cause I'm up right now
And ya stuck right now, now
Right now
"Whatever you need, there's nothin I won't do, do"
Now...